Add `os_disk_type` to `kubernetes_cluster_node_pool` (#9166)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster_node_pool.html.markdown

* `os_disk_size_gb` - (Optional) The Agent Operating System disk size in GB. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `os_disk_type` - (Optional) The Agent Operating System disk type. Can be `Managed` or `Ephemeral`. Defaults to `Managed`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: AKS uses [the description for this field](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/aks/agentpools/createorupdate) `OS disk type to be used for machines in a given agent pool.` for this - but I think we could reword that slightly so it's clearer, so could we make this:

```suggestion
* `os_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk which should be used for the Operating System. Possible values are `Ephemeral` and `Managed`. Defaults to `Managed`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
